fix: common `Link` usage for nextjs and react applications (#2061)
pankod/refine: .changeset/dull-lizards-add.md

---
"@pankod/refine-antd": patch
"@pankod/refine-mui": patch
---

Fixed `<Link>` usage in packages.

```diff
- <Link href={route} to={route}>
-    {label}
- </Link>
+ <Link href={route}>{label}</Link>
```

> We used to have to pass `href` and to `for` Nextjs and React applications, now we just need to pass `href`. **refine** routerProviders handle for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used to have to pass `href` and to `for` Next.js and React applications, now we just need to pass `href`. **refine** routerProviders handle for us.
```
